So that's Ryuu, huh?
I know this is gonna sound rude, but what's so great about him?
We were neighbors up until I moved away in fourth grade.
Hey, giantess.
Don't just stop there. We humans can't get by!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Crap! It's Tanaka from Class 2!
Hey, you're really tall and super cool, so straighten up!
Okay, I'm gonna take you to the best place ever today.
Comin' through!
Ryuunosuke! I told you to quit with that greeting!
I don't know how to explain it, but he really helped me build up confidence in myself.
Uh-huh? Oh yeah? Is that right?
I didn't say anything to embarrass you that much! How shy are you?!
I... have a chance?
How about I walk you home?
That's okay.
I'll carry that for you!
Just practice.
I didn't stand a chance up until now, but now I do.
Which means I've...
just been born.
Uh, Tanaka? Get a grip!
You've been alive this whole time.
This is all your fault, Ennoshita!
Yeah, whatever.
Clench your fists tight enough to leave marks
Now, go bask in the orange glow
!
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu !
Haikyuu
Sweating harder than ever has led us to the unknown territory of this high stage
The crowd's on their side and our chances are slim, so we could just skip out
But if the fear of getting hurt is keeping your wings in check
You may as well be a stuffed bird
If a person tries to live their life without getting a taste of their dreams and passions
They'll be torn by the heartbreak
But our goosebumps just won't go away
Our very souls are burning bright Beyond our limits
Awaits a land Of thrilling competition
Unleash everything you've got
Winning or losing doesn't even seem to matter
When you're in the zone and everything flows
In glorious slow-motion Now, go all-out!
Episode Thirteen: Day Two Episode Thirteen: Day Two
Episode Thirteen: Day Two Great job today.
I'm sure that you're already thinking about tomorrow,
but please allow me to say this.
Congratulations on your important victory at nationals.
Yeah!
All right, let's talk about tomorrow.
I mean...
The reality isn't gonna change, so I'll just say it.
We're going up against the runner-up team from this year's interhigh.
Inarizaki High School, representing Hyougo Prefecture.
Well, you know...
You could call them the favorites to win this whole thing.
First, their top scorer is their number four, Ojiro Aran.
He's both very tall and powerful.
Just like Fukurodani's Bokuto, he's on the cusp of being one of the top three hitters in Japan.
And when he's on his game, he has the ability to surpass that.
Just like when we faced Ushiwaka, you always need to think about blocking and digging out the ball.
We'll counter him with our total defense.
And this is their middle blocker, number ten, Suna Rintarou.
He's actually shorter than most middle blockers,
but he has incredible instincts.
Make sure you're constantly on him when he attacks.
He'll definitely get used to our fast attack too.
Make sure you take advantage of the space you have when you attack.
Ojiro and Suna are Inarizaki's main guns,
but what we really have to watch it for is the guy who can precisely use all of their spikers, including those two—
their setter, Miya Atsumu.
Kageyama, you probably met him at the youth training camp.
Yes, sir.
That guy's said to be the best high school setter.
Supposedly, the way he sets the ball makes it look like the spiker's gotten better.
To be honest, his sets are really easy to hit.
They're consistent and don't waver.
You're actually admitting that?
Well, his setting isn't the only thing we have to watch out for.
His serves.
Yeah.
Miya's basically been dual-wielding spike serves and jump float serves for a while now.
So we won't know what he'll hit us with until the last second.
It'll be hard to form a serve-receive formation, then.
I heard that he earned the best server award at both the junior high and high school tournaments.
I really didn't need to hear that.
Sorry.
We just won a match, but everyone already looks terrifyingly serious.
The second seed...
Out of the dozens of teams listed here, we get stuck playing the second-best team?
The top two teams in the country...
That means we get to play both of them!
That's if the top seed Itachiyama makes it all the way to the finals.
They're on the other side of the bracket.
You're right.
But then whatever team beat Itachiyama would become the best, right?
You're right?
I just can't with you two... I really can't.
How are you two so ridiculously confident?!
Man, it's cold...
Hey, Asahi. You can do that thing now.
Huh?
The thing where you mention that it's finally our last tournament, or whatever.
I didn't let you say it at the interhigh.
This probably isn't the time for that.
It's sorta weird, though.
When you're all panicky, I somehow don't feel panicky for once.
Oh, shut up.
Looks like both the energetic crew and the airheaded crew finally ran down their batteries.
Well, everything's been a bit different, including our warmups.
They were probably way more tired than they realized.
Jaybird Inn We all need to make sure we don't get hurt.
Yeah.
Mentally Tough Mentally Tough
Damn it, what the hell?
Am I nervous?
No, this is one of those situations where my adrenaline's just pumping.
Oh, Ryuu.
Oh, hey, Kanoka.
You've definitely got a chance.
I guess it's pretty cold in Tokyo too.
Yeah.
How's Saeko doing?
She's good.
How's your family?
They're all doing well.
Ryuu.
So, um... I... You've got a chance
You've got a chance
It's not even just a chance
You've definitely got a chance
You've definitely got a chance I...
You've got a chance You've got a chance
You've definitely got a chance S-Sorry!
You've got a chance
I already have my heart set on another!
What are you doing, Kanoka?
Wait inside. It's cold out here.
Kanoka grew into a beautiful young woman.
The city at night... An older city boy...
Did I... just completely...
misunderstand the situation?
Pretend I never said anything!
Huh?!
Oh, hey.
My mom hand-stitched this again for some reason.
Certain Victory Certain Victory You can do it, Kanoka
You can do it, Kanoka You can do it, Kanoka
Kou, I think I might've just gotten my heart broken.
Huh?!
U-Uh, it'll be okay?
Sorry, it's nothing.
I didn't come here to fall in love.
O-Oh yeah?
I'm going to win this whole thing.
We're playing second.
We can practice on the court at 8 AM for 30 minutes.
Let's be quick.
Yessir!
Pardon me. Spiking drills are up next, right?
Huh?
Um...
Is he the coach for Inarizaki?
He definitely seems used to all of this!
We'd like to spend some more time serving if that's all right!
If their setter, Miya Atsumu, is super awesome,
then we should probably aim for him when we return the ball, right?
Yeah! That's a super smart idea, Shouyou!
Hang on, guys.
The recording we saw just now was of their qualifier finals,
but during that match, the player who they usually have in the opposite position wasn't at 100%, so he sat out.
The opposite...
The player who stands opposite of the setter, right?
The same position as Sawamura and Ushiwaka.
There's a good chance that they're going to have that player this time.
Now I remember.
"Even if you manage to take down Miya Atsumu, his twin brother Osamu will make up for him."
The best twins in the high school volleyball scene...
The Miya brothers.
Haikyuu!!
Inarizaki's first match is today, so how's the team doing?
That's right.
The first match can be rather scary and nerve-racking for any team,
but we're all pretty calm.
Inarizaki High School Captain Kita Shinsuke
We're in top shape, so I'm pretty confident we'll be fine.
So what's your goal for this tournament?
Hey, isn't that Machino, the announcer lady?
To win, of course.
Who's that?!
What if she tries to interview us too? What should we do?
They're only talking to powerhouse schools, aren't they?
Don't worry. They won't come to us.
Good point.
Yamaguchi! Peace signs! Let's go throw up some peace signs!
Please don't.
I ended up getting told off too!
Listen up.
You're way more impressive than you seem to realize!
That goes for your face and your body!
It's not like Ryuu has a girlfriend, right?
So keep pushing!
Keep pushing, and he'll be yours.
But...
Hey, Kanoka. What's wrong?
I can't get any serves over at all...
How can I get better?
Just keep trying until you can!
Okay!
Yeah!
She probably didn't take that in the direction I meant, but whatever.
I'm so sorry for saying all that weird stuff out of the blue yesterday!
Forget I ever said anything!
No, no, it's fine!
I'm sorry that my brother showed up out of nowhere.
Wait.
Did you always have an older brother?
He's actually my cousin. He lives here.
Whenever I have a match in the city, he always brings over good luck charms and other gifts.
Hey, he sounds like a great guy.
Huh?
Wait, then that means thinking it was a misunderstanding was a misunderstanding...
So, um...
I don't slouch anymore because of you, Ryuu.
I've gotten really good, so watch me, okay?
A New Rising Star!
Amanai Kanoka That's right.
Kanoka is a lot better now.
I'm the one who's getting left behind.
I ain't gonna lose!
Hinata, you moron!
I wanna hurry up and start jumping!
You look like you're rarin' to go.
Heya.
How you doin', Tobio?
Fine, thanks.
That one's Miya... Atsumu, right?
Do your best out there today.
I really hate playin' against people who suck, y'know?
Damn... Elites sure are scary.
Yeah, sorry about that.
Why are you apologizing?! Kageyama, you jerk!
But I don't suck.
Oh, don't I know.
Though he sucks.
How can you say that?!
But he's not totally awful, so I think we'll be okay.
The first match is in the middle of their second set.
Even in our alternate uniforms, Noya looks like the star of the show!
I know, right?
Kageyama, orange really isn't your color.
Shut up, you human tangerine.
The hell did you say?!
These do feel different, but what can we do?
Our opponents are in black too.
You're somehow even more annoying now.
Tsukishima!
You're probably the last one who should be saying that, Tsukishima.
Must be nice.
How are they able to stay that calm?
But you know, Hinata doesn't really get nervous anymore.
Huh?
He seems to be way more excited than nervous now.
He's actually maturing.
Oh yeah.
Earlier, I saw some girls hold Miya Atsumu hand fans. What is he, an idol?
He pretty much is.
He's got a different kind of popularity than the champions, Itachiyama.
He's definitely got the skills and impressive plays.
He's the ultimate challenger that has both of those qualities.
They feature him a lot on TV too.
No one in this arena even knows we exist...
What the heck, Daichi?! Get a grip!
It gets me even more fired up!
Looks like Daichi's finally back.
You were pretty tame yesterday.
I was just concentrating.
All right, let's get going.
Yessir!
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Ina High!
I really can't take their cheering section.
Does Inarizaki have a top-level marching band too?
My stomach... Those huge horns are super cool!
Atsumu!
Aran!
Osamu!
Miya!
All right, let's go!
Let's go!
Let's fucking go!
Official Warmups Official Warmups Yeah!
Yeah!
Nice spike!
Last one!
Soul swap delayed timing attack!
Wow!
Uh, that's not a delayed timing attack.
He just wanted to say that.
Did the setter just spike right now?
That was actually pretty good.
But isn't the guy who set even better?
Good job, Miyas!
Hinata, nice spike!
Man, that kid sure can jump.
Inarizaki Karasuno
All right, the match between the Hyougo Prefecture representative, Inarizaki High School,
Miyagi Karasuno
and the Miyagi Prefecture representative, Karasuno High School, is about to begin!
Let's have a good match!
All right!
Damn it... Why are we freaking out? Calm down!
No one thought we would beat Shiratorizawa.
Let's surprise everyone yet again!
Yeah!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Wh-What the heck was that?! That was super cool!
Ready, and... go!
Uh-oh.
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Nice serve!
Hey, loosen up a bit. You guys are as stiff as boards!
It's not like he's throwing knives at you!
Right!
He's looking at us!
Don't interrupt my serve again, you squealin' pigs.
Sorry. Could you keep it down during the serves?
Wh-What?
They do it all the time on TV!
It's... ...out!
Damn it!
Lame.
Can it!
My serve toss got a bit away from me.
Inarizaki Karasuno
Asahi! Stay focused!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Is the crowd actually booing at the server?
They make sure to stay perfectly quiet for their own team's serve,
but they're loud and cause a fuss when the opponents serve.
Their fans are definitely trained.
Uh-oh! It got caught on the net!
Sorry.
We'll get the next one!
Both teams are showing strong serves as each side tries to build momentum.
Could the player to keep our eye on this match be the man people are calling the top high school setter,
Inarizaki's Miya Atsumu?
Indeed.
But we should keep our eyes on Karasuno's setter as well.
Karasuno High School's Kageyama Tobio...
He's another skilled player who was invited to the All-Japan Youth Camp this year.
We're definitely seeing a setter battle between East and West Japan!
That jump was really good!
I forgot to hit!
If you can't jump and hit at the same time, then don't even try, moron!
Did he just say that he forgot to hit?
He did.
Are you sayin' the jumps we've seen so far ain't the highest he can go?
Is he really experimenting while playing against us?
I figured Tobio was the kinda guy who marched to the beat of his own drum,
but apparently that kid's just as bad.
So what if the pressure's on?
I don't need any help from on high
So what if I'm an egotist?
I just want to win, I don't have a reason why
I'll take on every challenge
I'll throw off any shadows of doubt
This is my chance to overcome my limits
I've gone all-out Conquered my fears
Turned them into conviction
Now fly high, higher, higher, to the top
Being so torn at the taste of defeat
Shed the tears that let our potential flower
If you try to give up, I'll just laugh it off
I don't know the meaning of the phrase
If you say it's too hard, I'll just laugh it off